Update docker documentation with note about podman compatibility (#12341)
elastic/integrations: packages/docker/_dev/build/docs/README.md

The Docker module is currently tested on Linux and Mac with the community edition engine, versions 1.11 and 17.09.0-ce. It is not tested on Windows, but it should also work there.

> The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman’s Docker-compatible API on Elastic Agent 8.16.2 and 8.17.1 or more recent. It has been tested on Linux and Mac with Podman Rest API v2.0.0 and above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Docker integration supports collection of metrics from Podman’s Docker-compatible API by Elastic Agent 8.16.2 and 8.17.1 or more recent. It has been tested on Linux and Mac with Podman Rest API v2.0.0 and above.
```

> The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman’s Docker-compatible API on Elastic Agent 8.16.2 and 8.17.1 or more recent. It has been tested on Linux and Mac with Podman Rest API v2.0.0 and above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Docker module supports collection of metrics from Podman’s Docker-compatible API on Elastic Agent 8.16.2 or later versions. It has been tested on Linux and Mac with Podman Rest API v2.0.0 and above.
```
